When you realize that nothing will change in the leadership,
do you tap out and move on or continue trying to be a good leader to your crew
who deserves it?
That's definitely a a question that
requires a little bit more information to give a good answer too.
You know,
because what's the situation?
Can you be,
is there an opportunity that you could become the leader longterm because that
totally changes the outlook,
right?
If you could,
if you could do a good job and step up and move them to a more senior leadership
position where you could take even more turret turns or take even more care of
the crew,
well then that's a positive thing and it might be worth hanging out for also,
is it a complete dead end?
Like is there no possibility it's a family owned business and all the senior
leadership is related to the family and you're not part of the family and you're
never have a chance that that changed the prospect.
I mean obviously then it's like,
okay,
well maybe it's not worth sticking around there.
If you leave,
can you leave where you can give open the opportunity for other people to go
where you're going,
right?
Which is not a good thing in terms of,
you know,
you're not being very loyal,
you're being anti loyal,
you're being unloyal disloyal if you do that.
But if the leadership that you're working for isn't taken care of the people,
then you have to have some loyalty to the people that you work with.
So there's that.
Um,
I think that you,
you,
you have to assess everything that's going on in this situation,
which,
which is not evident in this one quick question.
I would say this too,
like don't blind side your boss,
right?
That's something that if you're going to leave,
leave on good terms,
explain to him what's going on.
Also,
that can be an opportunity to start a conversation about how the leadership
could include proof.
A lot of times people don't want to change anything until it really smacks him
in the face.
And one of the thing that smacks him in the face is,
is when one of their good people comes in and says,
hey look,
I am going to leave because of these reasons.
And again,
you don't on the exit interview or on those conversations,
you don't just drop dime and make everyone make out to be this horrible
situation and say,
here's some things that I've noticed.
Here's some things that I would want to change.
Here's the direction that I see the company going and this is the direction I
think it should be going.
And for these reasons I've decided I'm going to go try,
you know,
try my hand somewhere else.
I think if you'd be open like that,
it can start some good conversations and possibly you could make some progress
or possibly you could confirm your suspicions,
which are no one wants to change.
No one wants to do anything different.
And if that's the case and you realize it's a dead end for you,
yeah,
you got to take that option.
You can't beat your head against the wall on the 40,
you know,
you can beat your head against the wall 47 times on the 48th time.
It's like,
okay,
I need to do something different.
So pay attention to that
next push.
What can we all learn from tenacious d that most people overlook?
You know,
critical question.
It is a critical question,
but there's actually a real,
a real legitimate answer to that.
And that is that tenacious d who's uh,
a very,
uh,
funny group of individuals.
Jack Black is one of them who's a musician in a comedian and an actor and Kyle
gas is the other member.
What,
what's,
what's great about them is they don't take themselves too seriously.
And I think that's the lesson to learn is don't take yourself too seriously.
Have some fun and
don't take yourself too seriously.
There it is.
Yeah.
And I would say there's a difference between taking yourself seriously and being
serious.
So you know how like
being serious is like,
okay,
you're not necessarily joking all the time,
but taking yourself too seriously is like,
you know,
if like a joke is made about you or you can't laugh at yourself,
that kind of stuff.
Yeah.
It's different.
So you can be serious all the time.
You can be a serious person and not take yourself to see that as true.
And that's a good that,
that's fine.
That's right.
The person you don't want to be as the person that takes themselves too
seriously all the time.
That's a problem.
So inversely,
I guess could you be to like,
could you be a very,
not serious person,
but take yourself too seriously?
Could you be a very serious,
no.
So could you be a very like,
jokey,
not serious person?
Yeah,
for sure.
The person that you can dish it out,
but you can't take thin skin type guys.
Yeah.
Kind of like you write a little bit.
I see.
I see what you did there.
I got
a next question.
Unless there's anything more from tenacious D no.
You know,
maybe some good songs.
We can
inspirado right.
That's from Tennessee.
That's where you got their phone.
I got to give him a warning.
Have language is not appropriate for kids who are tenacious.
D ignore some of the subject matter.
So be careful with that.
Yeah.
The warranty.
Next question.
You mentioned you rarely pay,
play closed hard.
Rarely is this just a personal preference?
I would say that it is somewhat a personal preference,
right?
Because there's definitely some people that intentionally played closed guard.
That's their game.
Um,
but at the same time,
in order to attack even from the closed guard,
most of the time you have to open your guard.
So therefore your guard is open.
So open guard.
Yeah.
That's kind of what I do.
Skip the step of opening my guard.
But you've been in people's guard.
They have really good closed guards.
Yes.
Yeah.
It's not fun.
No.
And that's why I try not to let people close their guard.
Yeah.
Cause you got from that from happening.
There's people that have really,
really solid psycho closed guard.
So I'm not anti closed guard and some people are great at it.
Uh,
my personal preferences to play more open guard.
Yeah.
It's one of those things were closed guard.
If you're not a person who always plays closed guard or whatever,
it can be just something that you kind of use for specific situations.
You know,
like if you're trying to um,
maybe breed
regained some energy or something like that,
you arrest a little bit,
or even in like a s self defense,
like a striking scenario,
like a closed garden.
Mike,
kind of a closed guard is,
there's no doubt that closed guard has viable purpose.
Yeah.
And is good.
And I do use it.
I just don't use it a lot.
Yeah.
And if you're a taller,
lanky guy,
closed guard might be a little bit short,
fat legs that,
you know,
call up.
My closed guard is like my toes are touching depending on the size of the
person.
And actually where it stems from,
if you went to the root of it is it stems from foot locks.
So if you close your guard,
when your guard opens,
you're vulnerable,
and that there's a moment where you're both vulnerable.
And if you're training with guys that have really good full locks,
that's not a good situation.
So that's where I started not closing my guard because there was always that
transition period where my feet were vulnerable,
so I just stopped closing my garden,
kept it open,
and move my fit feet towards me to keep it a little bit safer.
Yeah.